fix!: stop provide Web API polyfills in components package (#976)
transferwise/neptune-web: packages/docs/pages/about/BrowserSupport.mdx

import { DocLink } from '../../utils/pageUtils';

> Table of browsers that we provide polyfills for standard JS API and syntax features using Babel.
> 
> Note: <DocLink href="about/Setup#polyfills-for-web-browser-api">You might need add some polyfills for Web API</DocLink>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you want to support Internet Explorer, you'll need a few <DocLink href="about/Setup#polyfills-for-web-browser-api">extra polyfills</DocLink>.
```

Author: why deleting first sentence?

we do provide polyfills for Standard JS API based on list of browsers that are in below table via [`browserslist`](https://github.com/transferwise/neptune-web/blob/main/package.json#L96-L104) so we kinda saying about that
